=======================
Chapel Acknowledgements
=======================

This material is based upon work supported by the Defense Advanced
Research Projects Agency under its Agreement No. HR0011-07-9-0001 and
its Contract No. NBCH3039003.  Any opinions, findings and conclusions
or recommendations expressed in this material are those of the
author(s) and do not necessarily reflect the views of the Defense
Advanced Research Projects Agency.

This work was also supported by the Center for Adaptive Supercomputing
Software for Multithreaded Architectures program (CASS-MT) at the
Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, as well as the Laboratory for
Telecommunications Sciences at the University of Maryland.

This project is currently hosted by SourceForge and we are grateful to
them for their ongoing support.

During its early years, this project was supported by a grant from
Washington Technology Center and was hosted for several years at the
University of Washington -- thanks to both groups for their support.

This research used resources of the National Center for Computational
Sciences at Oak Ridge National Laboratory, which is supported by the
Office of Science of the U.S. Department of Energy under Contract
No. DE-AC05-00OR22725.

Thanks very much to SARA (http://www.sara.nl), BSC
(http://www.bsc.es/), HPCx (http://www.hpcx.ac.uk), and the University
of Vienna (http://www.univie.ac.at/) for grants of machine time for
testing the portability of our code over the course of the project.

Thanks very much to Intel for donating compiler licenses for the
purpose of portability testing during the initial years of the
project.
